README.md, before:

# learning
This repo will detail some of my recent learnings as well provide links to where I am doing these learnings.

| Link |  Completion  |
|:-----|:--------:|
| [Datacamp MLOps Concepts](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/mlops-concepts)   | [Certificate](https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/4f4cb30d995177391b81675a9da3c81f23288f2f) |
| [Datacamp End-to-End Machine Learning](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/end-to-end-machine-learning)   |  [Certificate](https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/3986bc0b8708794ab455ea1099cafc1a8b275db9)  |
| [Datacamp LLM Concepts](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/llmops-concepts) | [Certificate](https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/f99e8377dcbb68f04506faf5a5ed39da623e38e5) |
| [Datacamp Developing AI Systems](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/developing-ai-systems-with-the-openai-api) | [Certificate](https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/7b4b81976771fdf54621078d6db80f0487c38f01) |
| [Introduction to Embeddings with the OpenAI API](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/developing-ai-systems-with-the-openai-api) | [Certificate](https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/5251f5accddbcd4c6ad063447e1cf53bffd86b0f) |
| [Vector Databases for Embedding in Pinecone](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/vector-databases-for-embeddings-with-pinecone)| [Certificate](https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/3031edbd1b393380c0e798dfe3b7f37349df4905)|

Commit message:

Update README.md with Langchain Course + Certificate

README.md, after:

# learning
This repo will detail some of my recent learnings as well provide links to where I am doing these learnings.

| Link |  Completion  |
|:-----|:--------:|
| [Datacamp MLOps Concepts](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/mlops-concepts)   | [Certificate](https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/4f4cb30d995177391b81675a9da3c81f23288f2f) |
| [Datacamp End-to-End Machine Learning](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/end-to-end-machine-learning)   |  [Certificate](https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/3986bc0b8708794ab455ea1099cafc1a8b275db9)  |
| [Datacamp LLM Concepts](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/llmops-concepts) | [Certificate](https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/f99e8377dcbb68f04506faf5a5ed39da623e38e5) |
| [Datacamp Developing AI Systems](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/developing-ai-systems-with-the-openai-api) | [Certificate](https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/7b4b81976771fdf54621078d6db80f0487c38f01) |
| [Introduction to Embeddings with the OpenAI API](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/developing-ai-systems-with-the-openai-api) | [Certificate](https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/5251f5accddbcd4c6ad063447e1cf53bffd86b0f) |
| [Vector Databases for Embedding in Pinecone](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/vector-databases-for-embeddings-with-pinecone) | [Certificate](https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/3031edbd1b393380c0e798dfe3b7f37349df4905) |
| [Developing LLM Applications with LangChain](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/developing-llm-applications-with-langchain) | [Certificate](https://www.datacamp.com/completed/statement-of-accomplishment/course/86bb0660c979f1af692cb5f520caa1c30b8f91b6) |
